Mobile docs update (#937)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: docs/reference/mobile/android/cloud-deploy.md

# Connect to a cloud deployment

<%(Callout message="
Before reading this document, make sure you have read:

* [Setting up Android Support for the GDK]({{urlRoot}}/reference/mobile/android/setup)
* [Development authentication flow](https://docs.improbable.io/reference/latest/shared/auth/development-authentication)
")%>

> ## Start a cloud deployment

Reviewer: I'd be concerned that given the latter two headers are "options", it could feel like this is an option when its actually a pre-req for the other two

> 1. Go to **SpatialOS** > **Build for cloud** > **All workers** to build all your workers. <br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In your Unity Editor, select **SpatialOS** > **Build for cloud** > **All workers** to build all your workers. <br/>
```

You know it’s complete when it says `Completed build for Cloud target` in your Unity Editor’s Console window.
1. Upload your workers and start the cloud deployment by running the following commands in the terminal:
```
spatial cloud upload <assembly name>

> spatial cloud launch --tags=dev_login --snapshot==<path to your snapshot> <assembly name> <path to your launch configuration> <deployment name>

Reviewer: Maybe split these into two to make it clearer that these are separate commands?
